a new step to always approach
plus the palermo and its fans this
afternoon was inaugurated in the street
paolo paternostro the first store
official rosanero in the capital il
captain edgar barreto and stefano
sorrentino have visited for
the opportunity to the present store also
the andrea managing director
cardinals and of course the
information operators are fans
rosanero plus ylenia who cut the
tape together with the two players of the
first team
naturally in the rosanero fans shop
they will be able to find all the material
designed by the boulevard club
from gaming t-shirts to suits to
sweatshirts and also watches on the covers
for their smartphones
an initiative certainly a lot
important as pointed out
the andrea managing director
jambs
we need tangible signals
we have told ourselves many times
projects are important but go
filled with content and step by step
I believe this is the right way
that we must take it that this is the
first of many shops we should
open because i think this is it
even the city wants cynar six fans is
this initiative has also been studied
of be my team or of the fan who
buying a space on the jersey of
own favorite player can go down
in the field with their pets
a way this too to approach
more supporters in Palermo
absolutely to approach i
containers to give your own
possibility those who love this shirt that
love this team to identify themselves
also personally because this is
what we want one at a time
we want our fans to do it
they recognize in society they recognize each other
in this team in this project e
so this is another small one
message but that goes in the same
direction
Sunday the challenge against Juventus one
challenge certainly fascinating and
difficult that game you expect
no I always had a lot
awareness that this team is in
able to face every game with the
right determination
Sunday's opponent obviously a
very difficult opponent that deserves the
great respect but we too every
we play it with
great openness and with great strength of
center our goals
so to make the result is mine but
torino to make a positive result
there are no doubts